Add link to migrating to SaaS workshop (#9746)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/accounts/migration/index.mdx

Sentry offers a cloud-hosted, software-as-a-service (SaaS) solution in addition to a self-hosted solution, which are both functionally the same. However, many customers find that self-hosted Sentry can quickly become expensive to maintain, scale, and support, making our SaaS product the better and less costly option.

> <Alert>
> We're hosting a live workshop on **Migrating to Sentry SaaS on April 30th.** [Sign up here](https://sentry.io/resources/migrate-to-sentry-saas-workshop/) if you want to be able to ask your questions live.
> </Alert>
> 

Author: ```suggestion
<Alert>
We're hosting a live workshop on **Migrating to Sentry SaaS on April 30th.** [Sign up here](https://sentry.io/resources/migrate-to-sentry-saas-workshop/) to learn about our relocation tooling and get a chance to ask questions live.
</Alert>

```
